---
subcategory: "FortiGate IPS"
layout: "fortios"
page_title: "FortiOS: fortios_ips_custom"
description: |-
  Configure IPS custom signature.
---

# fortios_ips_custom
Configure IPS custom signature.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `tag` - Signature tag.
* `signature` - Custom signature enclosed in single quotes.
* `sig_name` - Signature name.
* `rule_id` - Signature ID.
* `severity` - Relative severity of the signature, from info to critical. Log messages generated by the signature include the severity.
* `location` - Protect client or server traffic.
* `os` - Operating system(s) that the signature protects. Blank for all operating systems.
* `application` - Applications to be protected. Blank for all applications.
* `protocol` - Protocol(s) that the signature scans. Blank for all protocols.
* `status` - Enable/disable this signature. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.
* `log` - Enable/disable logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.
* `log_packet` - Enable/disable packet logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.
* `action` - Default action (pass or block) for this signature. Valid values: `pass`, `block`.
* `comment` - Comment.
* `vdomparam` - Specifies the vdom to which the resource will be applied when the FortiGate unit is running in VDOM mode. Only one vdom can be specified. If you want to inherit the vdom configuration of the provider, please do not set this parameter.


## Attribute Reference

In addition to all the above arguments, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format {{tag}}.

## Import

Ips Custom can be imported using any of these accepted formats:
```
$ terraform import fortios_ips_custom.labelname {{tag}}

If you do not want to import arguments of block:
$ export "FORTIOS_IMPORT_TABLE"="false"
$ terraform import fortios_ips_custom.labelname {{tag}}
$ unset "FORTIOS_IMPORT_TABLE"
```
