---
subcategory: ""
layout: "fortios"
page_title: "Generate an API token for FortiOS"
description: |-
  Generate an API token for FortiOS.
---

# Generate an API token for FortiOS

FortiOS Provider requires an API token to be authenticated. An API token is generated by creating a new REST API admin.

*Note: The steps below must be performed from the FortiGate GUI as an Administrator with the super_admin profile and are customized for this tutorial.*

* Step 1: Determine your Source Address

    The source address is needed to ensure the API token can only be used from trusted hosts. This step can be skipped if the trusted host IP address is already known.

	On the FortiGate GUI, select the `Status` dashboard and locate the `Administrators` widget.

	Click `your-userid > Show active administrator sessions`.

	Make note of the `Source Address` for `your-userid` as it will be needed to create the Trusted Host in `Step 3: Create the REST API Admin`.

* Step 2: Create an Administrator profile

    In this tutorial, we will create a profile that only has Read access to the firewall address permission group.

    On the FortiGate GUI, select `System > Admin Profiles > Create New`. Populate the fields according to your environment.

* Step 3: Create the REST API Admin

    Use the steps below to create the FortiOS API admin.

	On the FortiGate GUI, select `System > Administrators > Create New > REST API Admin`.

	The Trusted Host must be specified to ensure that your local host can reach the FortiGate. For example, to restrict requests as coming from only 10.20.100.99, enter 10.20.100.99/32. The Trusted Host is created from the Source Address obtained in `Step 1: Determine your Source Address`.

	In Administrator Profile field, select profile from Step2. *Note: If you want to configure VDOM or resources related to administrator user permissions, you need to set the field with the System predefined Administrator Profile `super_admin` by CLI.*

	Click OK and an API token will be generated.

	Make note of the API token as it is only shown once and cannot be retrieved. It will be needed for the rest of the tutorial.

	Click Close to complete creation of the REST API Admin.

For more about the configuration of token, please refer to the `system->system api-user` and `execute->api-user` chapters of the `FortiOS Handbook - CLI Reference`.
